Week 1
Our group name was selected and our roles were chosen.
William is our Scrum Master and I, Carly, is the Team Lead. We chose Project 8.

Week 2
Emails were sent between other P8 team leads to organize our first meeting with our client, Mingqin Yu.
In our week 2 tutorial class, our group gave roles of who completes which part of the report.
I was assigned researching for the Background part of the report.

Week 3
Sent emails between Ming and other team leads to better understand project requirements.
Contributed in designing the project UI / UX and its storyboard by looking at other sites.
Researched and wrote about current problems in ESG data usage and what our app aims to solve.
Attended in a last meeting before proposal due date with Ming to understand sample dataset structure.

Week 4
I was assigned with Melanie to work on the frontend of the project.
We worked closely together since the register page she has created needed to be visually consistent with login page I created.
I made the login page and linked it to the register page. I also designed the logo for our website, which is featured in starting page.
Our group is finalizing backend end points to see the fullstack functionality soon.

Week 5
I continued with frontend work for password reset and its 4 stages. There was a problem
with my macOS not being able to run backend so functionality and connecting end points was done by Mel. Meanwhile, I took over
dashboard frontend UI within my capacity; created a skeleton of components, rearranged the header, and created the
nested accordion for framework / metric / indicator. I also recorded demo A to send to our client Ming for feedback.

Week 6
Fixed git commit authorship issue where previous commits (from week 1-5) were done under a different name :(
Contribution graph reflects my work accurately now. Implemented autocomplete search by company, and the resultant
population of sidebar choices based on user company selection. Smoothed out UX of sidebar, such as
refreshing metric selections for change of framework, enabling "indeterminate" state for metric selection, etc.

Week 7
Continued the refactor from Mel's initial work and created/rearranged new components to start Comparison View.
Wrote child tasks under sprint 3 tickets to break down into manageable tasks and assign between Mel and I.
Created the skeleton for the Comparison View so there is a holistic view of the page.

Week 8
Presented Demo B to the tutor and gained feedback. Recorded demo B video on behalf of team to send to client.
Planned with group members in the tutorial to organize the order of tasks in tackling our next few tickets.
Implemented the multi-select searchbar for Comparison View and put in UI fixes such as overcrowding the input tab.

Week 9
Created the table and graph data visualisations for Comparison view page and the changed the sidebar accordingly.
Refactored the Overview section into accordion so the data display takes up more space of the screen,
as per last demo feedback from tutor. Implemented overdue UI fixes and tackling new feedback functionalities provided by client
